add EAR store key generation with Vault (#14938)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/encryption.md

| AES-192 | 192 bits (24 bytes) | 56 bytes |
| AES-256 | 256 bits (32 bytes) | 64 bytes |

You can generate a store key for your cluster any of a several ways:

### Using the `cockroach` CLI

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell
$ cockroach gen encryption-key -s 128 /path/to/my/aes-128.key
~~~

### Using [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/docs/man1.1.1/man1/openssl.html) CLI command

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell
$ openssl rand -out /path/to/my/aes-128.key 48
~~~

### Using HashiCorp Vault

First we need to enable the transit secret engine, which is going to handle the user creation for us.

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~shell
vault secrets enable transit
~~~

~~~txt

~~~

Next we need to create the exportable key. 

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~shell
$ vault write -f transit/keys/crdb-key -exportable=true 
~~~

~~~txt

~~~

And finally export it.

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~shell
vault read /transit/export/encryption-key/crdb-key/1

~~~

~~~txt
Key     Value
---     -----
keys    map[1:6kkUAMq4EgIJKEmFxl97bQaBn0n9FL6FbRoUeCBtVhE=]
name    crdb-key
type    aes256-gcm96
~~~

> But stop, since the exportable key is “just” 256 bits and cockroachDB has a special mechanic here. Let me quote our docs “The key file must contain random data making up the key ID (32 bytes) and the actual key (16, 24, or 32 bytes depending on the encryption algorithm).”

Reviewer: This seems a little informal. It's not ideal to lead the reader into a mistake that they need to then recover from. I wonder if it's worth explaining this limitation / workaround earlier in the process.

Reviewer 2: AFAIK there is no other way/order of doing things.

So, the 256 bits from the exportable key would be required as an identifier and there would be no bits left for the actual key. So we have to tweak it a bit. We are going to add some random data at the beginning to use as key identifier and the actual Vault key as the real encryption key. 

> copy the key into a file e.g. key_from_valut.key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the key into a file named `key_from_value.key`.
```
It's nice to avoid Latin. If they use a different file name, they need to also change the following examples, so maybe it's better to just give them static instructions.
